Name: Guidry, Joseph
Date: 25 AUG 2017
Current Module: Data Structures and Algorithms
Project Name:  Zerg Map

Project Goals:
	<A two to three sentence description of the project and its intent>
     
	- The goal of this project is to incorporate the use of data structures to implement efficient algorithms, to read any 
	number of zerg psychic captures from any number of files, then combine them to output health percentage below a passed in 
	threshold, and determine if two disjoint paths can be made by removing the least amount of zergs.
	
Considerations:
	<A bulleted list of considerations and conditions which affected the design of your project>
    - Implementing an Abstract Data type: I used an splay tree, graph, and attempt to use a min heap for Dijkstra's 
    	which was unsuccessful.
    - Reading a pcap file which could have incorrect file parameters.
    - Iterate through any number of files.
    - Add zerg data, and update if needed.
    - Process zergs into a graph and use path-finding to determine if disjoint paths are available.

Initial Design:
	<A paragraph or more that adequately describes your program's structure and layout discussing the various modules (.c and corresponding .h files) that you implemented>
	
	The program is structured with the decode.c file from the previous capstone is used to process the pcaps from the command
	line, the output is a node which is inserted into a splay tree. Once all files have been processed, the zergs are checked to
	determine if the health is below the threshold of 10% by default or passed in by a command line option -h.
	The insert, search and print functions have access to the data in the tree. The initialization of the graph is done
	recursively by stepping from each node to determine if an edge can be made to any other points.
	The lgraph.c file processed the input data for edges into an array of linked lists holding onto the source id of the zerg.
	Two tests are run to determine if the graph can eliminate zergs that can be removed, first, unreachable zergs are removed,
	then secondly, zergs with only a single edge. 
	
	Following the removal of any zergs, vertex start and end values are updated to process the graph and determine if any paths 
	are available, if the paths have no intersecting points, the program will exit and free all malloc'd data.
	Else it will attempt to remove nodes in a list of vertexes that would satisfy the two disjoint paths problem.

Data Flow:
	<A paragraph or longer describing the data flow of the program in a sequential manner.  Include a diagram when necessary.>
	
	1. Ensures the size of the files, and places the data into proper header structures.
	2. Check to ensure proper data before inserting into a tree. 
	3. Create graph with edges from tree.
	4. Attempt to remove any zerg that is unreachable or has only a single edge.
	5. Run a path finding algorithm that attempts to find the shortest path, remove route.
	6. Attempt to get the longest route.
	7. If paths intersect, attempt to remove nodes.	
	8. If number of zergs removed exceeds 50% of total, exit with error. 

Communication Protocol:
	<Discuss any custom communication protocol you have used including the various request and responses that may be sent and received.>

	Zerg protocol version 1 over UDP 3751.
	
Potential Pitfalls:
	<Discuss any potential issues that you might run into while creating the project>
	
	1. Handling misconfigured pcap files.
	2. Correctly moving data into a bst, in case of updated zerg data.
	3. Using haversine formula to get correct distance between zergs.
	4. Building a graph from data in tree structure.
	5. Using Dijkstra's, or bellman-ford's, and especially suurballes algorithm.  
	6. Keeping track of removed zergs.
	7. File management.
	
Test Plan:
	User Test:
 		<Describe the steps taken for each user test.>
 		1. Construct decoder to output data that is inserted into the tree, print in pre-order to verify contents. 
 		2. Printing the graph with viable edges.
 		3. Remove zergs based on reach-ability or single edges.
 		4. Test for two disjoint paths, or which zergs to remove.
 		
	Test Cases:
		<A brief overview of the test cases that you implemented.>
		1. Use given pcaps to test the correctness of input data through decoder and transition into the graph.
		2. Use graphdriver.c to build custom graphs and test different path finding methods.
		3. Combine all files to test the input of any number of files.   
		4. Create fringe test cases which will break my path finding algorithm. Especially on more dense graphs.
		
		
Conclusion:

	<A review of the project, what worked, what didn’t and how to improve upon your project in the future.>

	This project reinforced the need and examination of the design of a program with the use of
	abstract data types, especial a graph.  The use of multiple data structures also came in handy, with different problems of
	the project.  Transitioning the data required to do future portions of the project proved to be extremely difficult to 
	redo.  Error checking done by the decoder, also showed a prime example on why to comment your code.   
	
	Stopping to create a more in depth plan for building my program as it progressed from each phase would have been beneficial 
	allowing for possible adjustments down the road, or attempting to be more generic is the use of the data structures.
	The use of an Adjacency List vs an Adjacency Matrix showed why one could be used over another. I practiced prior to this
	project using an Adjacency List, which become difficult to use in implementing Dijkstra's algorithm for path finding. This
	compounded as I attempted to implement suurballe's algorithm, which was suggested to be useful in this project. The
	path-finding I used will work on sparse graphs, and may have undefined behavior on my dense graphs, something the matrix is
	better suited for. 



